add note regarding required use of TLS transport (#804)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _security-plugin/configuration/security-admin.md

The `securityadmin.sh` tool can be run from any machine that has access to the http port of your OpenSearch cluster (the default port is 9200). You can change the security plugin configuration without having to access your nodes through SSH.

`securityadmin.sh` requires that SSL/TLS transport is enabled on your opensearch cluster. In other words, make sure that the `plugins.security.ssl.http.enabled: true` is set in `opensearch.yml` before proceeding.
{: .note}

> `plugins.security.ssl.http.enabled: true`

Reviewer: I see now the plan is to remove line 85, which takes care of both my concerns. Will approve this.

The `securityadmin.sh` tool can be run from any machine that has access to the http port of your OpenSearch cluster (the default port is 9200). You can change the security plugin configuration without having to access your nodes through SSH.

> **Note:** `securityadmin.sh` requires that SSL/TLS transport is enabled on your opensearch cluster. In other words, make sure that the following is set in `opensearch.yml` before proceeding:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`securityadmin.sh` requires that SSL/TLS transport is enabled on your opensearch cluster. In other words, make sure that the `plugins.security.ssl.http.enabled: true` is set in `opensearch.yml` before proceeding.
{: .note}
```

Reviewer 2: Let's rework this to make sure the note renders properly.

> `plugins.security.ssl.http.enabled: true`

Reviewer 2: Remove this line and add it to the note as shown in my previous comment.
